So next we're going to discuss another approach for
managing your infrastructure on AWS, and that is going to be AWS OpsWorks.
Now, OpsWorks is a configuration management service,
and it provides managed instances of both Chef and Puppet,
so if you're already using either Chef or Puppet,
OpsWorks might be something that you want to take a look at.
Now, if you're not familiar with Chef and Puppet,
don't worry about diving into those to prepare for the exam.
Next,
your configuration is going to be defined as code for the
servers that you're going to deploy it onto,
and Chef and Puppet are going to manage the lifecycle of those
configuration changes with your servers.
Now,
one of the things to note about OpsWorks is that it can
work in a hybrid cloud architecture,
so you can utilize it if you want to manage your deployments both in the cloud,
as well as within your own data center.
Now, OpsWorks itself is really made up of three separate subservices.
First, we have AWS OpsWorks for Chef Automate.
And so here this is your configuration management
service that utilizes Chef Automate.
Then we have AWS OpsWorks for Puppet Enterprise.
So if you want to have a fully managed service that utilizes Puppet Enterprise,
this would be for you. And next we have AWS OpsWorks Stacks,
and this is what enables you to go in and define your
application in layers, and then you can actually manage that
using Chef recipes with Chef Solo.
So, depending on what you would be looking to do,
you would choose the specific subservice that matches the stack that you're working with.